Filippenko bottom candy reviews they'll
take a bottom eats lots of candy
Filippenko bottom candy reviews fela
better candy reviews eat candy Phil pig
bottom candy lot to review still big
about review yeah yeah nodded already
turning to fig upon candy review louder
than ready hello everyone it is I Philip
sugar bottom coming to you the candy
review and I have mr. Timothy face neck
here as my guest reviewer hello today we
have what is it tickle gumballs pickled
gumballs not then golden article to
pickle their pickle flavored gum pickle
flavor go yo pickle flavored gum balls
22 the box from accouterments and their
extra Briony extra briny that's what I
wanted a gumball yes lots of broad yes
lots of flavor salty briny flavor e
deliciousness they exist in a world
where people like drinking the juice in
a pickle jar yes where that's like if
that's like a beautiful thing beautiful
like delicacy it's drinking that brine
yes pickles exclusively or like pickled
eggs and pickled pig's feet anything
anything okay we're just like I need the
brine oh the concentrated yes pickle
like a strap our yeah little martini
glass they shake it they said let's take
that condense it and put it into a
curable substance yes soon as you take
go gumbo let's just pickle gum ball
there's a little green pickle man on a
blowing a bubble as well I wonder if
he's chewing the pickle gum balls and is
that considered is that considered
cannibalism you know it could be like to
smell them I can't smell anything does
it smell like it just it just smells
like gum balls right so let's grab one
okay they're green I look they look
quite normal actually yes they look like
normal Gumbo's little normal digital
think I don't like giant peas all right
ready I'm just you would expect lime if
your wedding is in your mouth yes yes
it's not a great apple yes yeah
hey all right ready go for it nothing
yet no oh oh yeah oh hmm i'm not a fan
of pickles I hate pickles I love pickles
like I can eat them right out of the jar
for a meal but I don't know if I'm going
sweet pickle draw the key to this is it
has a gumball flavor the sweetness of a
gumball and on top of it it's dill
pickles the sugar content they're like
if you had dipped a pickle and powdered
confectioner sugar it's not good this is
awful it was pretty bad Oh accouterments
I love you for your wacky creative
products this is awful gross but I just
said is not an extra briny flavor it's
not it also pointed with the extra Brian
yeah there's not extra Brian nope I feel
like they could do better with the brine
still green yes and it's still tickly
the flava is strong it has anticipated
for me no it's a strong candy pickle
yeah oh and even someone who likes
pickles this is not good it's a good
experience though it is delicious
considering is a pickle gumbo it's that
other than that taste lives in the back
of your mouth yeah pickle I will
probably be it will follow me for the
rest of the evening and possibly
tomorrow even after I brush my teeth
just tasting pickle everywhere yes just
every breath everything is a Pickers
cleansing pickles just down your gullet
yes yeah I can see that oh now very
strong very strong tinkle gum balls from
accouterments is it experience it is an
experience oh there's a pickle man on
the back there's a pickle man with a gum
ball on his tongue he's very happy it's
very happy you know and he must come
from a world where they take Picard
babies and make them
the gumballs then his grind them up he's
chewing baby gumballs little baby
pickles for him they're just babies oh I
see yeah yeah I guess they wait wait
wouldn't is babies be cucumbers I guess
or gherkins what gherkins have to be
pickle at dinner what is big pickles are
like this big gherkins like that well
yeah but they're just different people
they're midgets little oh let's make it
into the peptide settings political yeah
that's too much do that all right
everyone pickle it on Bob let's go find
them accoutrement calm you could get
them at auction McPhee which is McPhee
com thinkgeek as well sell some thinking
calm and everyone goodbye thank you for
tuning in to youtube and mr. Timothy
face neck thank you for having me you're
innocent been a pleasure it has been a
pleasure it's been my pleasure to sir
we've got to do it again we have to all
right this is no swing left flying
though Nomo Brian no more Brian let's do
that no more no okay okay goodbye
everyone goodbye your boy Filippenko
bottom can dearie news they'll take a
bottom eats lots of candy Filippenko
bottom candy reviews feel a bit of candy
reviews eat candy
Filippenko bottom candy lot to review
still a big about review yeah yeah my
dad already toured in fig upon pandey
review la banan ready